Remove information from README.md that is ASF-specific (#5)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-cookiecutter: README.md

### 0. Create a repository on GitHub

> To create a new plugin, you'll first need to create a new repository on [GitHub](https://github.com) where you will contain your plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new plugin, you'll first need to create a new repository on [GitHub](https://github.com) for your plugin.
```

> You should enter a repository name like `hyp3-<process>` where `<process>` is the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should enter a repository name like `hyp3-<PROCESS>` where `<PROCESS>` is the 
```

```bash
# From hyp3-<process>
git init .

> git remote add origin git@github.com:<GITHUB_USERNAME_OR_ORG>/hyp3-<process>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git remote add origin git@github.com:<GITHUB_USERNAME_OR_ORG>/hyp3-<PROCESS>.git
```

> git remote add origin git@github.com:YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAM-OR-ORG-NAME/hyp3-<process>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git remote add origin git@github.com:<GITHUB_USERNAME_OR_ORG>/hyp3-<process>.git
```

git checkout develop
```

> ### 4. Configure the GitHub repository settings

Reviewer: Might need to add a section on configuring GHCR. One point to make:
* "packages" (here, container images) are always private by default, so they'll need to be made public explicitly after the first image is pused.

Author: I could use some help fleshing out a section on the GHCR. Not sure I understand how it works!

Reviewer: Let's actually punt talking about GHCR until we use this for the hyp3-isce plugin, so we know exactly what steps we'll need to take

1. In "Options" (left):
   * In the "Merge button" section
     * un-click "Allow squash merging"
     * Make sure "Automatically delete head branches" is clicked
2. In "Branches":
   * make sure the default branch is "develop"
   * Add a "Branch protection rule" for:
     * main:
       * set "Branch name pattern" to "main"
       * click "Require pull request review before merging"
       * click "Dismiss stale pull request approvals when new commits are pushed"
       * click "Require status checks to pass before merging"
       * click "Do not allow bypassing of the above settings"
       * click "Restrict who can push to matching branches"
       * Create
     * develop:
       * set "Branch name pattern" to "develop"
       * click "Require pull request review before merging"
       * click "Require status checks to pass before merging"
       * click "Do not allow bypassing of the above settings"
       * Create

For both the `main` and `develop` you can restrict who can push to the branch.
In the same page where you set the above options, you can also click "Restrict
who can push to matching branches", then search and add the desired people/organizations

> who are allowed to push.

Reviewer: Right now, the release workflow does assume that whatever account the access token is associated with has the ability to push to `develop`.

For more information on how to contribute to repositories set up in this manner,
check out GitHub's [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)

> article

Reviewer: fine for now, I think. But we really should write down in outrwiki (or somewhere publically accessible) how our "flow" works

       * Create

For both the `main` and `develop` you can restrict who can push to the branch.
In the same page where you set the above options, you can also click "Restrict
who can push to matching branches", then search and add the desired people/organizations
who are allowed to push. If you set this, make sure you include the owner of your
repository in this list - other your GitHub Actions won't work!

For more information on how to contribute to repositories set up in this manner,
check out GitHub's [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
article

### 5. Restart the GitHub Actions

Now you're all setup! You should be able to navigate to your repository "Actions",
restart the failed Workflows on `develop`, and watch it create minimal HyP3 plugin 
container for your process.

### 6. Make HyP3 plugin container public

Once the Actions have successfully run, a containerized version of your plugin will be
available in the GitHub Container Registry (GHCR). You can find this plugin in the "Packages"
section of your GitHub user/organization account. You can also `pull` it to your local
machine for use using the command:

> `docker pull ghcr.io/GH_ACCOUNT_NAME/GH_REPOSITORY_NAME`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker pull ghcr.io/<GH_ACCOUNT_NAME>/<GH_REPOSITORY_NAME>`
```
